{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15620\viewh10340\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Terms and Conditions\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 GetHomeSafeNYC.com ("GHS" or the "Site") is maintained by Illuminati Creative, LLC ("Illuminati") for your personal use. Please feel free to browse and add information to the Site. Your access to and use of the Site is also subject to the following terms and conditions (hereafter collectively called "Terms and Conditions") and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing the Site, you accept and agree to be bound by the Terms and Conditions. Our aim has been to make the Terms and Conditions unambiguous and fair to all parties, but if further explanation is required, please go to www.illcreative.com and proceed to the contact information page for further details on how to contact us.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640
\cf0 	1.	All information contained on, distributed through, or linked, downloaded or accessed from any of the services contained on this website is for informational purposes only. The information contained on this site has been obtained from public sources without review or verification by GHS, Illuminati or any of its officers, directors or members, and all of those parties make no representations with respect to the accuracy of the information. All information is provided "as is" without any warranty of any kind. GHS and Illuminati disclaim all express, implied and statutory warranties of any kind to any party including warranties as to the accuracy, completeness, merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose. Because of the possibility of human and mechanical error as well as other factors, GHS and Illuminati shall under no circumstances be liable for any errors or omissions.\
\
	2.	You may use materials displayed on the Site for non-commercial, personal use. Except where otherwise stated, GHS and Illuminati are the copyright holders for all Content, and these terms and conditions in no way imply any transfer of that copyright to the User. Users may not modify or adapt in any way any of the Content protected by these copyrights. Copyright notices must not be modified or removed from any Content obtained under the terms of this license.\
\
	3.	Nothing shall be construed to license any copyright, patent, trademark or other intellectual property rights existing in the Site. GHS and Illuminati make no warranties or representations as to accuracy of the materials displayed on the Site. Systematic downloading and/or archiving, including the copying of entire volume numbers is prohibited. Individual and/or collective information may not be used for the purposes of monetary reward by means of sale, resale, loan, transfer, hire or other form of exploitation of the Content, and may not be systematically supplied or distributed onward from the site or premises of the User.\
\
	4.	YOUR USE OF AND BROWSING IN THE SITE AND ALL RESULTS DERIVED FROM THE USE AND BROWSING ARE AT YOUR RISK. NEITHER GHS OR ILLUMINATI NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING OR DELIVERING THE SITE IS LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS TO, OR USE OF, THE SITE. EVERYTHING ON THE SITE IS PROVIDED TO YOU "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. GHS and Illuminati shall not be liable for any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or your using of any materials, data, text, images, video or audio displayed on the Site. GHS and Illuminati shall under no circumstances be liable to any party for any lost profit or lost opportunity, indirect, special, consequential, incidental, or punitive damages whatsoever. Although GHS and Illuminati is unable to ensure that the information, data and other material made available online is error-free and up-to-date, and accepts no responsibility for corruption to the information, data and other material thereafter, including but not limited to any defects caused by the transmission or processing of the information, data and other material. The information made available online has been obtained from or is based upon sources public sources without review or verification and is not guaranteed as to accuracy or completeness. The information is supplied without obligation and on the understanding that any person who acts upon it or otherwise changes his/her position in reliance thereon does so entirely at his/her own risk.\
\
	5.	GHS and Illuminati shall use all reasonable means to provide uninterrupted electronic availability of the Site, but if access is suspended or interrupted or a fault or defect occurs which prevents access to the server, GHS and Illuminati shall accept no liability. The User is responsible for all charges associated with accessing the content, including any computer equipment, telephone or Internet connections and access software. GHS and Illuminati reserve the right to refuse access to any individual, network or User at any time. Although GHS and Illuminati products are developed in view of maximum compatibility and user-friendliness, GHS and Illuminati cannot guarantee any of these products to work on or with any particular computer system.\
\
	6.	GHS and Illuminati have no obligation for monitoring any ideas, concepts, suggestions or comments (hereafter collectively called "Ideas") you transmit to GHS and Illuminati by electronic mail or otherwise. GHS and Illuminati understand that you abandon all rights regarding the Ideas at the time when you transmit the Ideas to GHS and Illuminati, and GHS and Illuminati has no obligations to keep the Ideas confidential. GHS and Illuminati has no responsibility for any problems or issues resulted from the Ideas. GHS and Illuminati have the right to delete such Ideas from servers without notice.\
\
	7.	You are prohibited from sending any unlawful, threatening, libel, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic or profane electronic mails etc. that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any law. GHS and Illuminati have a right to delete such information from servers without notice.\
\
	8.	The trademarks, logos and service marks (hereafter collectively called "Trademarks") displayed on the Site are registered and unregistered Trademarks of GHS, Illuminati and others.\
\
	9.	GHS and Illuminati are not responsible for the content of any other sites linked to the Site.\
\
	10.	GHS and Illuminati may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current Terms and Conditions to which you are bound.\
}